Updated -- authentication.md Clarify passport-local default behavior (#1288)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/techniques/authentication.md

}
```

> We've followed the recipe described earlier for all Passport strategies. In our use case with passport-local, there are no configuration options, so our constructor simply calls `super()`, without an options object. Notice passport-local strategy looking for **username** and **password** field in the request body by default, you can change the default behaviour using options object: `super({ usernameField: 'email' })`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've followed the recipe described earlier for all Passport strategies. In our use case with passport-local, there are no configuration options, so our constructor simply calls `super()`, without an options object.

> info **Hint** We can pass an options object in the call to `super` to customize the behavior of the passport strategy. In this example, the passport-local strategy by default expects properties called `username` and `password` in the request body.  Pass an options object to specify different property names, for example: `super({{ '{' }} usernameField: 'email' {{ '}' }})`.  See the [Passport documentation](http://www.passportjs.org/docs/configure/) for more information.
```
